README.md, before:

# Cookbook-10120-X9---Foodents


<Strong><font color=red size = 12>The easiest and safest way to savour delicious food during these unfortunate times!</font></Strong>

### The idea of `Foodents`
We are first-year students in the `Department of Computer Science` at the `University of Manchester`. We come from different countries and cultures, but what brought us together was our commmon inability to keep up with a good meal schedule during term time. Not to mention the fact that we had to frequently self-isolate which left us with very limited ingredients in our kitchen. We decided to build a solution that would help not only just us, but also other students like us.

### Functions of `Foodents`
*`Fridge`<br>
*`Search`<br>
*`Sharing and commenting`<br>

#### Fridege
`Fridge` feature is the core of our web application! Have specific ingredients? Use our Fridge Feature to search for recipes based on the specific set of ingredients you have in fridge!

#### Search
Looking for a particular recipe? Use our Search Recipe feature to search recipes by title

#### Sharing and commenting
Register/Login to interact with other users on Foodents. Share your personalised recipes and hear what others have to say about it.


### Our developers
[Aditya Agarwal](http://linkedin.com/in/aditya-5/)<br>
[Yiheng Tan](https://github.com/yiheng-tan)<br>
George Lorimer<br>
[Tudor Bujdei-Leonte](http://linkedin.com/in/tudor-bujdei-leonte/)<br>
[Asad Ahmed](https://www.linkedin.com/in/asad-ah/)<br>

Commit message:

Tan (#1)
* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* little changes

* Breadcrumb and Spacing issue finished

* some url links fiexed.

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* changes on readme

* first version of readme

* licenses.md file

* licenses.md file

* licenses.md file

Co-authored-by: Aditya Agarwal <aditya@student.manchester.ac.uk>

README.md, after:

# Cookbook-10120-X9---Foodents


<Strong>The easiest and safest way to savour delicious food during these unfortunate times!</font></Strong>

### The idea of Foodents
We are first-year students in the [`Department of Computer Science` ](https://www.cs.manchester.ac.uk)at [`The Univesity of Manchester`](https://www.manchester.ac.uk/). We come from different countries and cultures, but what brought us together was our commmon inability to keep up with a good meal schedule during term time. Not to mention the fact that we had to frequently self-isolate which left us with very limited ingredients in our kitchen. We decided to build a solution that would help not only just us, but also other students like us.

### Functions of Foodents
*`Fridge`<br>
*`Search`<br>
*`Sharing and Commenting`<br>

#### ![Fridge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Fridge-%231bbd36)
**Fridge** feature is the core of our web application! What can it do? If you have some specific ingredients, just use **Fridge** feature to search for recipes based on the specific set of ingredients you have in your *fridge*!

#### ![Search](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Search-%231bbd36)
This is the basic part of our application! If you are looking for a particular recipe, use our **Search Recipe** feature  to find the one you want! Don't be worry if you can not find the recipe you actually want among so many recipes, you can **sort** the recipes out based on their cooking times, number of ingredients and ratings.

#### ![Sharing and Commenting](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sharing%20and%20Commenting-%231bbd36)
Don't waste your fantastic recipes, use our **Login/Register** function to interact with other users on Foodents. Share your personalised recipes and hear what others have to say about it. Also, if you have something to say about other recipes, remeber to **login** before commenting on recipes.

### Our developers
[Aditya Agarwal](http://linkedin.com/in/aditya-5/)<br>
[Yiheng Tan](https://github.com/yiheng-tan)<br>
[Tudor Bujdei-Leonte](http://linkedin.com/in/tudor-bujdei-leonte/)<br>
[Asad Ahmed](https://www.linkedin.com/in/asad-ah/)<br>
George Lorimer<br>
